Add support for `EmitMeshTasksEXT` op (#26)
EmbarkStudios/spirt: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased] - ReleaseDate

### Changed 🛠

> - [PR#26](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/spirt/pull/26) adds support for `EmitMeshTasksEXT` op

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PR#26](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/spirt/pull/26) allows using `OpEmitMeshTasksEXT` as a terminator (by hardcoding it as `Control-Flow`)
```
